{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue217;}
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 SMDoubleSlider Distribution\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\i\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 SMDoubleSlider Copyright 2003-2008 Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC http://www.snowmintcs.com/\
All rights reserved.\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\i\b \cf0 \
Version 2.0: January 25, 2008
\i0\b0 \
- Removed old Project Builder project file.\
- Better organization of source code in folders.\
- Fixed problem with keyboard focus drawing ring around both knobs (instead of focused knob only) on 10.5.\
- Added Xcode 3 project with Interface Builder 3 plugin.  Thanks to Sean McBride for the starting implementation.\
- Added bindings for -objectLoValue and -objectHiValue.  Thanks to Sean McBride for the implementation.\

\i\b \
Version 1.1.1: June 26, 2007
\i0\b0 \
- Added necessary #import of Foundation and AppKit headers in case you don't #import <Cocoa/Cocoa.h> in your precompiled headers.\

\i\b \
Version 1.1: January 11, 2007
\i0\b0 \
- Added a new project file for Xcode 2.1 or later that builds as a Universal Binary.\
- The included sample application and Interface Builder palette are now Universal Binary for use on Intel and PowerPC Macs.\
- Fixed minor bug in SMDoubleSliderCell's implementation of
\f1\fs22 \CocoaLigature0  -stopTracking:at:inView:mouseIsUp:
\f0\fs24 \CocoaLigature1 ; it had been returning a value but should return nothing.\
- Changed the open source license to the New BSD License as defined by OSI (http://www.opensource.org/).\

\i\b \
Version 1.0: August 20, 2003
\i0\b0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\i \cf0 Author: Kyle Hammond (\cf2 kyle.hammond@snowmintcs.com\cf0 ), Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 Official SMDoubleSlider WebSite: 
\b0 <\cf2 http://developer.snowmintcs.com/controls/smdoubleslider/\cf0 >
\b \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
SMDoubleSlider is an open source NSSlider and NSSliderCell subclass implementation by Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC.  This entire distribution is only of use to Mac OS X software developers; end users have no need of it.  It is provided in English only, and assumes the user is familiar with Cocoa development.\
\
The SMDoubleSlider class is a reusable Cocoa control that provides the user with two knobs on a slider bar instead of the standard one knob.  DoubleSliderApp is a test application for the SMDoubleSlider code by Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC.  SMDoubleSlider runs and can be compiled on Mac OS X 10.0 and later.\
\
The SMDoubleSlider code and the related files in this distribution are open source.  They are 
\b not
\b0  public domain; they are copyright (c) 2003-2008 Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC.  They are governed by an open source license, which is intended to allow others reasonable freedom in using and modifying the sources, while allowing Snowmint Creative Solutions LLC to retain some control over the project.  If you intend to use or modify the source code for this project, you must read and follow the license.  The license should be included in this distribution; if not, you can find it at <\cf2 http://developer.snowmintcs.com/OpenLicense.html\cf0 >.\
\
Documentation for the SMDoubleSlider and SMDoubleSliderCell classes is included in this distribution; it is also available at <\cf2 http://developer.snowmintcs.com/controls/smdoubleslider/docs/\cf0 >. The DoubleSliderApp test application is included in this distribution.  The pre-built binaries that are included with the distribution work on 10.4 and 10.5, but the source code can be adapted for use on older systems.\
\
Please send any questions, comments, and bug reports to \cf2 kyle.hammond@snowmintcs.com\cf0 . Thanks!\
\
\pard\tx0\tx1120\tx2240\tx3360\tx4480\tx5600\tx6720\tx7840\tx8960\tx10080\tx11200\tx12320\tx13440\tx14560\tx15680\tx16800\tx17920\tx19040\tx20160\tx21280\tx22400\tx23520\tx24640\tx25760\tx26880\tx28000\tx29120\tx30240\tx31360\tx32480\tx33600\tx34720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This software is OSI Certified Open Source Software.\
OSI Certified is a certification mark of the Open Source Initiative.}